readme.md, before:

# mbeddr.cpp

C++ extension to [mbeddr](http://mbeddr.com).

Implementation of a subset of C++ 14.
It supports classes, methods, exceptions, namespaces, and partially operator overloading and templates.

We're happy for other uses and contributions!

Have a look at the [documentation directory](https://github.com/DSLFoundry/mbeddr.cpp/tree/master/documentation/cpp) for the original project documentation.

## Credits
Current maintenance: [Hristina Moneva](https://github.com/xmoneva), [Eugen Schindler](https://github.com/eugenschindler), and [Niko Stotz](https://github.com/enikao).

Clean-up into a proper extension of mbeddr and setup of build: [Niko Stotz](https://github.com/enikao) with help from [Kolja Dummann](https://github.com/coolya).

Original implementation by "Eded" team of Eindhoven University of Technology in collaboration with Océ:

- Nicholas Donnelly
- Daan Drijver
- Bart van Helvert
- Julia Hofs
- Daan van der Kallen
- Bart Munter
- Joris Rombouts
- Job Savelsberg
- Bart Smit
- Remco Surtel
- Jelle van der Ster

Supervised by Önder Babur.
Project managed by Wout de Ruiter and Wesley Brants.
Created for customer Dmitrii Nikeshkin.

Commit message:

Explain about new main branch

readme.md, after:

NOTE: this branch is the old main branch. The new branch is called main and this is where all development happens. This branch is only kept around for reference of old history and because of connection of a maintenance branch to it.

# mbeddr.cpp

C++ extension to [mbeddr](http://mbeddr.com).

Implementation of a subset of C++ 14.
It supports classes, methods, exceptions, namespaces, and partially operator overloading and templates.

We're happy for other uses and contributions!

Have a look at the [documentation directory](https://github.com/DSLFoundry/mbeddr.cpp/tree/master/documentation/cpp) for the original project documentation.

## Credits
Current maintenance: [Hristina Moneva](https://github.com/xmoneva), [Eugen Schindler](https://github.com/eugenschindler), and [Niko Stotz](https://github.com/enikao).

Clean-up into a proper extension of mbeddr and setup of build: [Niko Stotz](https://github.com/enikao) with help from [Kolja Dummann](https://github.com/coolya).

Original implementation by "Eded" team of Eindhoven University of Technology in collaboration with Océ:

- Nicholas Donnelly
- Daan Drijver
- Bart van Helvert
- Julia Hofs
- Daan van der Kallen
- Bart Munter
- Joris Rombouts
- Job Savelsberg
- Bart Smit
- Remco Surtel
- Jelle van der Ster

Supervised by Önder Babur.
Project managed by Wout de Ruiter and Wesley Brants.
Created for customer Dmitrii Nikeshkin.
